# RoboND_Project_Robotic_Inference


Image Classification, object recognition, Neural networks are a few of the most crucial fields of interest for our rapidly changing world today. From a vehicle’s license plate, a sign on a sign board, face reognition, document authentication to a person’s iris in his eyes and blood cells in his veins, there’s possibly nothing that can’t be trained, solved and recognized by an Inference System. Rather the field is so wide and evolving that possibly in future, there will be aritificial brains inside human body, trained in Deep Neural Networks. Amongst the various challenges that could be solved using Neural Networks, authentication in Commerce is one significant application, the financial world is dealing with today. Each day there are millions to trillions of monetary transaction in world banks, business dealings, import and export, share market etc. In the banks where a large transaction of money is an everyday affair, sorting the notes, classifying them, verify for authentication is a highly critical job. An object classification system trained to tackle this issue,  will not only save a lot of human-effort hours, but can also potentially save the financial market in dealing with misclassification of notes or even authentication of forged notes at a highly stable, system accuracy. This report presents a model trained for bank notes authentication and classification on  Indian  Rupees for various denominations under  different conditions of orientation, luminance, texture etc. Data is collected using  a very simple yet efficient way on which a standard neural network is applied, which is then allowed for performance evaluation. The trained model results in a high accuracy classifier without misclassifying a single class. 
